Project 5 Search Engine
=================================================

For this project, you will create a customizable search engine that builds off all your previous projects. This project will use multithreading, an inverted index, servlets, sockets, cookies, Jetty, HTTP, and HTML.

:warning: _Since we did not progress as far this semester, this project is worth 50 points instead of 100 points. All requirements dependent on JDBC have been removed._

## Functionality ##


### Core Features ###

You must implement the following core features for a total of 30 points:

- **Search (20 points)**: The web server should display a webpage with a text box where users may enter a multi-word search query and a button that submits the query to your search engine. Your search engine should perform a partial search from an inverted index generated by your web crawler, and return an HTML page with sorted links to the search results.

- **Search History (10 points)**: Store a history of all search queries entered by the user in a cookie, and allow the user to view and clear the stored search queries.

You should not begin working on additional features until the core functionality is working properly.

### Additional Features ###

You must implement the following additional features for a total of 20 points:

- **Visited Pages (10 points)**: In addition to tracking a user's search history, you may also store which result pages have been visited by that user in a cookie. This requires your web application to provide result links that direct back to your application, so that you may first store that the link was visited and then redirect the user to that link. To receive full credit, users must be able to view and clear the visited page history.

- **New Crawl (10 points)**: Allow a user to enter a new seed URL to crawl. The results should be added to your inverted index (not replace the already existing results).

- **Suggested Queries (10 points)**: Provide users five suggested queries based on either the latest queries made by other users -or- the most popular queries made by other users.

- **StringTemplate (5 points)**: Use `StringTemplate` to generate your HTML instead of several `println()` statements. See for <http://www.cs.usfca.edu/~parrt/course/601/lectures/stringtemplate.html> more information on StringTemplate.

- **Partial Search Toggle (5 points)**: Allow the user to toggle on/off partial search.

- **Time Stamps (5 points)**: Add timestamps to the user's search history, and store when the user last logged in successfully.

- **Private Search (5 points)**: Allow users to set an option that turns off the search history feature.

- **Search Statistics (5 points)**: Display the total number of results along with the time it took to calculate and fetch those results.

- **Search Brand (5 points)**: Design a search engine with a distinct brand. This includes creating a logo, and creating a distinct and consistent style for your web pages.

You may implement more than 50 points of these additional features for extra credit. See below for details.

### Extra Credit ###

You may implement additional features to receive extra credit on this project. You may implement as many additional features as you like, and may even suggest some features to the instructor.

You may earn up to a maximum of 110% overall grade on this project.

## Execution ##

Your `main` method must be placed in a class named `Driver`. The `Driver` class should accept the following **additional** command-line arguments:

- `-u seed` where `-u` indicates the next argument is the seed URL that must be processed and added to an inverted index data structure.

- `-p port` where `-p` indicates the next argument is the port the web server should use to accept socket connections.
  
The command-line flag/value pairs may be provided in any order. Your code should support all of the command-line arguments from the previous project as well.

The `Driver` class should be the only file that is not generalized and specific to the project. If the proper command-line arguments are not provided, the `Driver` class should output a user-friendly error message to the console and exit gracefully.

## Output ##

The majority of the output for this project will be in the form of HTTP responses to a browser. Only output the inverted index or search results to a text file if the necessary flags are provided.

## Submission ##

You must commit your project to your SVN repository using Eclipse at:

```
https://www.cs.usfca.edu/svn/username/cs212/project5
```

where `username` should be replaced with your CS username. Verify that your repository includes the `src` directory with all of the `*.java` files necessary to compile your program.
